---
title: "The Bus"
categories: [writing]
draft: true
---

The first time it happened on accident. Jackson wasn’t looking at the road and failed to avoid the gigantic puddle in front of the school. We were thrown from our seats when the bus thudded into the pothole and transformed from stupor to wonder as we watched the wave cascade over the windows.

Jackson would always hit the puddle after that day. The further back in the bus we sat the higher we flew, but some preferred to watch the water splatter against the tall windows in the front. When we turned around to the puddle as we passed, it was already filled again. Ready for tomorrow.

Principal Mustache took Jackson aside one day. We heard words like “no money” and “maintenance”. We heard him say: “Those buses are ticking time bombs already.” Some of us thought Principal Mustache fired him for being too fun, others said they smelled pot on Jackson’s continually laughing breath, some of us didn’t know what fired meant. But none of us saw him again, and none of us cared to learn the new lady’s name.

We called her Ms. Fat-Nose. She had a wedding ring on her plump finger but it was obviously a fake. Some of us thought it was real and felt bad for Mr. Fat-Nose because he had the most boring wife in the world. But even they still called her “Ms.” She carefully avoided the puddle and always used a turn signal. Those of us that sat in the front swore she would smile when we voiced our disapproval.

Every morning we wore her down, chanting and pleading, trying to reason with her stubborn, Fat-Nose ways. After a month we all agreed the ring had to be fake.

Some of us started to forget about the puddle. They always carried umbrellas and thick raincoats. They would huddle together in the middle of the bus and go about the day, dry and bored. Those that remembered fought Ms. Fat-Nose even harder, and eventually, we succeeded.

None of us remember if there was anything particular about that day that made our chants more effective, maybe she was just trying to shut us up. “What’s the point?” those in the middle thought, “It’s just a puddle.”

Those in the front said they actually saw the front tire explode. We all heard it. As the water swelled over the windows we felt the bus tipping. It rolled enough times for us to forget where we were, and when it stopped there was no Ms. Fat-Nose to be found. The front windshield was broken and a pool of water started to form on the doors that were firmly planted on the ground.

It was strange seeing this perfectly familiar world at a completely new angle. We didn’t know how to open the back door so we just sat on the windows and waited.
