---
title: "Road Home"
categories: [writing]
draft: true
---

The dusty Arizona road reminded Ben of something from a sci-fi movie. Growing up he had always expected a UFO to appear from behind one of the giant stone arches. Most days he had hoped for it. The amber clouds reflected the last few minutes of the sun’s light across the dusty horizon.

> “God. This is beautiful,” Ben whispered, eyes locked on the road. “You didn’t have to come. They’ve got buses.”

> “It’s not that far. I figured you’d want to drive your own truck,” Caitlin replied.

> “The one thing you didn’t want to cut in half huh?”

Caitlin forced back a smile, “I don’t even like riding in this thing.”

> “Hey now, easy on Agatha.” Ben settled in the seat like a racecar driver. “A lot of people would call this thing a classic.”

Caitlin sat in the front seat of the truck, eyes closed, head leaning against the window. A quiet country song matched the rhythm of the passing lane markers and Ben’s tapping on the steering wheel.

> “Yeah well. She’s all yours.”

> “How’d Maddie do at that track meet last week?”

> “What?” Caitlin rubbed her eyes open and sat up.

> “Against Greenlee wasn’t it?”

> “She got cut a month ago.”

Ben looked to Caitlin, then absently at the road.

> “Oh. That’s too bad.”

Caitlin reached for the radio as it started to blast details for the local monster truck rally. After shuffling through the presets she turned it off.

> “Anything else you haven’t told me?” Ben asked with a grin.

> “You should turn the headlights on. I saw some deer on the way here.” Caitlin returned to the window and rested her temple against the glass.

Ben flicked the lights on and watched as the wind carried tiny clouds of dust over the road. The horizon blinked with cell phone towers and distant headlights.

> “I’ll be honest. I didn’t think you were going to come.” Ben said after a pause.

> “You got the letter didn’t you?”

> “Yeah, but…I don’t know.” Ben leaned forward, looking to see if Caitlin was trying to sleep. “I’m glad you did. Gives us time to talk.”

Caitlin brushed her hair behind her ear and sighed.

> “Yeah? What do you wanna talk about?”

Ben glanced at Caitlin’s closed eyes and massaged the steering wheel.

> “Anything I guess. It’s weird, the things you miss. I never thought I’d miss driving this much. Or cooking your own meal.”

> “Since when have you cooked your own meal?”

> “I don’t know. I guess I don’t miss it, just feel like doing it now.”

> “So that’s what you missed?”

Miles passed. Occasionally a pothole would disrupt Caitlin from her rest, Ben remained frozen. He broke the silence with a breath.

> “I didn’t sign it.”

> “I didn’t think you would,” she said, finding another temporary resting position.

> “We can talk about it back at the house,” Ben replied.

> “Maddie and I moved out.”

> “Your mom’s place?”

Caitlin responded with silence and empty eyes.

> “What about Autumn? I though your mom was allergic to dogs.”

> “We gave her away Ben.”

> “I see.” Without looking, Ben reached out and rested a hand on Caitlin’s knee. “That’s okay…You know I didn’t do it. Don’t you?”

> “I don’t care.” Caitlin brushed the hand off and leaned against the window.

```

```
