---
title: "Denali"
categories: [writing]
draft: true
---

I doubt I'll soon forget this image before me. An entire mountain range of snow capped cliffs that seem to float over the dried up river valley. Hundreds of acres of sand and rock lie interrupted by the narrow channels that remind you that this once was, and will be again in its season, a gigantic river fed from the glaciers that rule over the land with a royal defiance. Every one of their peaks beg to be conquered, but the clouds that dance around them makes the plea futile, because I know I'll never touch that snow or plant a flag there. Even if I did the certainly majestic view would only reveal hundreds of more peaks higher than mine, laughing at my humble victory.

The sun has been setting for several hours now. Its almost midnight and still it only dances on the distant horizon, showering the earth with brilliant shades of pink and gold. The colors bounce off the trees and water covering this valley in a supernatural light for this hour. The distant mountains are covered in a blueish gray haze-all save for their peaks-which still glisten in the midnight sun. They reflect the light to the heavens and cause the whole horizon to fade from red, to yellow, to green, and lastly blue which covers the cloudless sky. Despite the late hour and the long hard day, I decide to take a walk among the river bed. The light fools my body about the hour and the stiff cold breeze keeps me more than awake, alert.
After a few dozen yards I take my sandals off to ford the ankle deep stream. The water almost numbs my feet as much as the sandy mud soothes them. I raise my head to see the snowy mountains and the air feels colder. A few steps more and I begin to fill and light my pipe. The tobacco is stale but I don't mind. The warm air fills my mouth and at exhale, is instantly taken away. I come to where the stream is present again but much wider and deeper. Rather than guess the depth and brave the cold I look for good skipping stones. After gathering several I remove my pipe to deeply exhale. One particularly good throw lands 7 skips, none cross the width of the small river. I grin at the oddness of someone skipping stones while smoking a pipe. I'm not really old enough to be a man smoking his pipe, nor am I young enough to be a child skipping stones. It feels right.

Once I get tired of digging stones from the wet mud I find a log to lie on and warm in the sun. I take my muddy sandals off and wipe them on the dead tree that will soon serve as my bed. I raise my head and pull my sleeves down to hide from the wind. Out of the corner of my eye I can see the golden sun still setting, the rest is light blue. I have to force myself to once again realize its midnight. Once I've adjusted myself to find comfort on the log I begin to think. About everything and nothing. My mind wanders to what the wildlife would do to me if I were to stay on this log. Would a bear find me before the birds had finished picking at my bones? I'm comforted by the fact that the uncomfortable log won't allow me to fall asleep and the ever cooling breeze will guide me to shelter before I would accidently find the answer.
